Update readme (#170)
tikv/client-rust: README.md

This crate provides a clean, ready to use client for [TiKV](https://github.com/tikv/tikv), a
distributed transactional Key-Value database written in Rust.

With this crate you can easily connect to any TiKV deployment, interact with it, and mutate the data it contains. It uses async/await internally and exposes some `async fn` APIs as well.

This is an open source (Apache 2) project hosted by the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) and maintained by the TiKV Authors. *We'd love it if you joined us in improving this project.*

## Getting started

The TiKV client is a Rust library (crate). To use this crate in your project, add following dependencies in your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
tikv-client = { git = "https://github.com/tikv/client-rust.git" }

[patch.crates-io]
raft-proto = { git = "https://github.com/tikv/raft-rs", rev = "e624c1d48460940a40d8aa69b5329460d9af87dd" }
```

The client requires a Git dependency until we can [publish it](https://github.com/tikv/client-rust/issues/32).

The client provides two modes to interact with TiKV: raw and transactional. 

> In the current version (0.0.0), transactional mode only supports optimistic transactions, which means commit may fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the current version (0.0.0), the transactional API only supports optimistic transactions.

```

> Important note: It is **not recommended or supported** to use both the raw and transactional APIs on the same keyspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Important note: It is **not recommended or supported** to use both the raw and transactional APIs on the same database.

```

| `batch_delete` | `Iter<Key>`         | `()`                   |                                               |
| `delete_range` | `BoundRange`        | `()`                   |                                               |

#### Transactional requests

| Request     | Main parameter type | Successful result type | Noteworthy Behavior                           |
| ----------- | ------------------- | ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `put`       | `KvPair`            | `()`                   |                                               |
| `get`       | `Key`               | `Option<value>`        |                                               |
| `delete`    | `Key`               | `()`                   |                                               |
| `scan`      | `BoundRange`        | `Iter<KvPair>`         |                                               |
| `batch_get` | `Iter<Key>`         | `Iter<KvPair>`         | Skip non-existent keys; Does not retain order |
| `lock_keys` | `KvPair`            | `()`                   |                                               |

> For detailed behavior of each reqeust, please refer to the [doc](#Access-the-documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed behavior of each request, please refer to the [doc](#Access-the-documentation).

```

Author: `batch_scan` is a raw request. So TiDB should not have this problem.
